## Meeting Notes

This is a set of notes captures by Dave.Sri. Submit a pull request to update/correct/add information!

#### META

* Attendance: 17 people attended our first rebooted meeting of 2019! Our next meeting will be November 18, 2019!
* Meeting format: version 0.1 - introductions followed by "scrum-style" what are you up to/what are you looking for. Followed by show and tell.
* Locations: The Nashua Public Library is the nicest, free-est location discovered so far between Manchester and Nashua. We are open to any suggestions.

#### INTRO / SCRUM

1. Alex - psychological interview game (VR/Unity)
1. Maxon - making "spooky game"  
1. Dave.Sri - Learning Sciences support programming in Javascript. Interested in collecting "ready-to-compile-and-run" frameworks(any platforms)
1. Sam - working with **Godot Engine**, "twin stick shooter" game
1. Justin - using blender, substance painter with Unity. looking for people who have released/monetized work to discuss.
1. Carl - trivia podcast and seeking trivia game development help (mobile)
1. Bill - long-time programmer (since 1974) investigating current video game programming
1. Dennis - pluginAuthor(Unreal, Unity, blender), doing web app animation, networked drawing. 
1. Tim - illustrator, working with photoshop and vector graphics, looking for collaborators on educational games.
1. Melody - working with Unity. Interested in tools and how things work, would like to make her own Javascript engine
1. Spencer - checking out the group (saw listing at NPL)
1. Dan - Making an RPG with Chris, working with Unity. role: programmer
1. Chris - role: art with Chris, philosophy of doing things you love, creating and sharing.
1. Lorenzo - Getting familiar with Unity. IT/light robotics work. Interested in mastery and tools.
1. Eric - Has done 8 game jams in the past 3 years. Interested in exploring game concepts.
1. Ren - Astralore Games (lead writer, social media management. Focused on creating good culture)
1. Val - Astralore Games (programming and art)

#### DIVERSITY OF EXPERIENCE

* languages represented: C#, Javascript, Python, Java
* day jobs represented: web developer, illustrator, indie game developer, student/recent grads in game dev program, writer, trivia master
* noted shared interests (in addition to games and game development): tool development, workflow, game mechanics, release management, Unity, Javascript, animation.

#### TOOLS/THINGS MENTIONED

* game jams at itch.io...there are a zillion of them
* Unity XR
* Software Game Patterns book
* ImpactJS
* Snowman video game mechanics (?)
* Using a phone as a game controller
* Two-button / single-button games ( "Divekick", "Minute" )

#### TALK POSSIBILITIES

* Sam - "interactive storytelling with ink"
* Dennis - Blender, Python *(I can't read my writing here -Ed)*
