## Announcements

* Meetup.com is changing its charging structure again, which means you may have to pay for RSVPs made via the site. 
* Game Jam starts tomorrow! NHTI, SNHU are providing locations, but there are ones all over. 
* We are thinking of having meetups between the regular monthly meetings. We'll be organizing them in the Discord.

## What's New (9 people, 6:30PM to 7:15)

* **Eric** (Unity certified game developer). Update on **Multiplayer 4-player coop Breakout**: working in crazy mechanics! Lessons learned: implementing all the mechanics without iterations didn't give him actual levels to test them with; identified possible "45 second rule" for Breakout-style games.

* **Michael** (looking into game dev) - First meeting. Has Python experience, interested in making something fun in Unity and learning about what other people are doing. 

* **Carl** (trivia game designer) - Update on iTunes games: Apple removed older games because of "standards" relating to having screenshots of the game running on the newest devices like an iPhone X or iPad Pro. The game currently in the App store is **Shout Out 101**

* **Sam** (game developer) - Update on **Twin Stick Shooter**: switching from custom web-based engine to Godot. Using 3D printer to prototype a tabletop game; the design process is relevant to game development. 

* **Sri** (interactive developer, cohost) - Writing tools for Learning Sciences research as freelance developer. Designing/developing a  **Javascript app with realtime networked simulation** to support Next Generation Science Standards educational units for current grant. Also looking for people interest in **Ralph Baer Day** in early March; is designing a stand-up **Table Tennis** cabinet for exhibit based on last year's code. 

* **Vipin** (Industrial automation developer, new to game development) - First meeting. Expertise in C++. Interested in ARKit/Swift development on IOS.

* **Jared** (Software developer) works with **John** (game developer). Started with XNA, now works in Unity. **Hosts game jams** with his team between Ludumdares. Hosts a **Discord** server and has game dev channel on **Twitch.**

* **Alex** (ame developer/instructor, cohost) - XNA, Unity. Update on **VR Psychological Horror Game**: Made many tweaks like "radio button turning" and "pick up the letter opener", but to move faster made a **mock UI** with just tech to get the logic working. Using a **delta compression** method to implement VCR-style "rewindable" save games. 

## Roving Discussion (7:15 to 8:00)

* That game demo that takes a picture using a polaroid, and then becomes 3D reality. 
* XBox Adaptive Controller (Sri brought one is to look at)
* Eye tracking and Game Development: Foveated Rendering . Tobii (Carl worked there 10 years ago). What else eye tracking was used for.
* Cambridge VR Meetup
* Crazy controllers, giant displays
* Boston Festival of Independent Games (usually in September). 
* The difficulty of publishing to the Apple ecosystem.
* Good resources for learning (Sam, Eric): GDC, Gamasutra news section, Gamemakers Toolkit (a YouTube channel).  Extra Credits (Youtube) has covered a lot of different topics in gaming. GDC conference videos on YoutTube are on YouTube. GDQuest is a resource for Godot (just does tutorials in a friendly way)
* Masterclass.com video lessons with Will Wright...maybe a pizza night?