## Announcements

* Welcome

## What's New (15ish people, 6:30PM to 7:15)

* **Ed**: Game maker unity

* **Mason**: Experience with python & unity

* **Nick**: Uses Unreal and probably other stuff, I forgot I was taking notes and tried to play catchup.

* **David**: Started in September, thinking of moving to unity rather than building his own Engine. Good move David.

* **Jolene**: Creating a very cool app - mental health related, I cant wait to see how this one develops and there was a lot of interest in the concept, hopefully the group can add value to the project.

* **Sam**: Pivoted to a new project using Ink to create interactive fiction since it sparks more joy than his other project - showed off current state: https://samsarette.itch.io/antiford-bit-adventures password: samsaiditwasokay

* **Max**: unity – Lots and lots of projects cant wait to see some of them in future meetups!

* **Eric**: Unity - Getting slowed down on level design (its hard). Researched typical breakout game level stats, surprised at how consistently each one lasts about 1 minute and no more. Currently stuck on how to unstuck stuck ball.

* **Val**: PAX (lots of cool swag) & working on mystery sequence

* **Ren**: Also PAX and QA testing super secret stuff 

* **Eric**: Worked Astralore booth at PAX - from NY may stop by again (or not leave NH if Val & Ren aren’t paying attention)

* **Bethany**: First time meetup and getting into game dev via QA route, hope we can help her discover her game dev path.

* **Michael**: Inspired by "The art of game design" which was recommended by Eric (or maybe someone else but Eric definitely had a copy)

* **Denis**: Stopped using Blender, Blender added LTS, Denis now uses Blender

* **Alex**: That’s me, this guy took notes and probably got everyone’s name wrong and messed up all the details but that’s really Sri’s fault for setting the bar so high.


## Roving Discussion (7:15 to 8:00)

* Mostly just Alex not taking notes at this point but other stuff happened too